struts
somaliastruts
större nandu
mindre nandu
sydkivi
brunkivi
okaritokivi
mindre fläckkivi
större fläckkivi
grå tinamo
solitärtinamo
svart tinamo
större tinamo
vitstrupig tinamo
höglandstinamo
brunbröstad tinamo
kamtinamo
sottinamo
askgrå tinamo
mindre tinamo
tepuítinamo
brun tinamo
amazontinamo
ljusbrynad tinamo
brasiliansk tinamo
gråbent tinamo
rödbent tinamo
gulbent tinamo
svarthättad tinamo
snårtinamo
skiffertinamo
chocótinamo
broktinamo
rosttinamo
Bartletts tinamo
kortnäbbad tinamo
strimmig tinamo
tataupatinamo
rostvingad tinamo
huaycotinamo
taczanowskitinamo
tofstinamo
chiletinamo
busktinamo
andinsk tinamo
bågnäbbad tinamo
vitbukig tinamo
småtinamo
darwintinamo
fläckig tinamo
dvärgtinamo
prakttinamo
quebrachotinamo
punatinamo
patagonientinamo
sumpnattskärra
nechisarnattskärra
sahelnattskärra
stjärnfläckig nattskärra
savannattskärra
pricknattskärra
bonapartenattskärra
salvadorinattskärra
itombwenattskärra
batesnattskärra
långstjärtad nattskärra
kilstjärtad nattskärra
bantunattskärra
vimpelnattskärra
flaggnattskärra
fläckpannad seglare
gråhakad seglare
ljuspannad seglare
sotseglare
brunseglare
svartseglare
vitbröstad seglare
vattenfallsseglare
tepuíseglare
kastanjeseglare
halsbandsseglare
halvmåneseglare
vitnackad seglare
jättesalangan
fjäderfotssalangan
grågumpssalangan
bergsryggssalangan
tenggarasalangan
timorsalangan
glanssalangan
satängsalangan
borneosalangan
javasalangan
julösalangan
dvärgsalangan
seychellsalangan
maskarensalangan
malabarsalangan
filippinsalangan
halmaherasalangan
sulawesisalangan
seramsalangan
bergsalangan
vitgumpad salangan
australisk salangan
himalayasalangan
vulkansalangan
storhuvad salangan
barbent salangan
mayrsalangan
mossbosalangan
enfärgad salangan
gråsalangan
palausalangan
guamsalangan
karolinersalangan
tahitisalangan
atiusalangan
marquesassalangan
svartbosalangan
svalbosalangan
kustsalangan
papuasalangan
flockseglare
filippintaggstjärtseglare
papuataggstjärtseglare
madagaskartaggstjärtseglare
sãotométaggstjärtseglare
vitgumpad taggstjärtseglare
vattrad taggstjärtseglare
svart taggstjärtseglare
silvergumpad taggstjärtseglare
Sabines taggstjärtseglare
Cassins taggstjärtseglare
Böhms taggstjärtseglare
taggstjärtseglare
silverryggig taggstjärtseglare
brunryggig taggstjärtseglare
purpurtaggstjärtseglare
antillerseglare
bandgumpseglare
costaricaseglare
blekgumpseglare
grågumpseglare
vauxseglare
sickseglare
skorstensseglare
chapmanseglare
amazonseglare
kortstjärtad seglare
brokseglare
vitmönstrad seglare
andinsk seglare
karibpalmseglare
dvärgpalmseglare
gaffelstjärtad palmseglare
större svalstjärtsseglare
mindre svalstjärtsseglare
afrikansk palmseglare (5)
madagaskarpalmseglare (5)
asiatisk palmseglare
alpseglare (6)
vattrad seglare
kapverdeseglare
tornseglare
enfärgad seglare
nyanzaseglare
blek tornseglare
kapseglare
madagaskarseglare
biokoseglare
somaliaseglare
damaraseglare
orientseglare (7)
tibetseglare (7)
himalayaseglare (7)
cookseglare (7)
mörkryggig seglare
stubbstjärtseglare
husseglare
horusseglare
vitgumpseglare
batesseglare
purpurtofsad vipkolibri
smaragdstrupe
guyanakokett
savannkokett
praktkokett
korttofskokett
långtofskokett
paljettkokett
festkokett
påfågelkokett
svarttofskokett
vittofskokett
tofsnålstjärt
svartbukig nålstjärt
kopparnålstjärt
grön nålstjärt
spatelnålstjärt
rödnäbbad vimpelkolibri
svartnäbbad vimpelkolibri
blåkindad safir
långstjärtad smaragd
cozumelsmaragd
svalstjärtad smaragd
panamasmaragd
blåstjärtad smaragd
västandinsk smaragd
magdalenasmaragd
chiribiquetesmaragd
glanssmaragd
kanelsmaragd
yucatánsmaragd
roststjärtad smaragd
kastanjebukig smaragd
amaziliasmaragd
ljusbukig smaragd
brokig smaragd
kortnäbbad smaragd
andinsk smaragd
vitbröstad safir
azurkronad smaragd
violettkronad smaragd
grönpannad smaragd
brunsidig smaragd
glitterstrupig smaragd
violettstrupig smaragd
blåbröstad smaragd
costaricasmaragd
purpurbröstad smaragd
mangrovesmaragd
hondurassmaragd
stålblåbukig smaragd
indigokronad smaragd
snöbukig smaragd
beryllsmaragd
blåstjärtssmaragd
hoffmannsmaragd
grönbukig smaragd
koppargumpad smaragd
snöhätta
santamartablomhätta
magdalenablomhätta
silkeskolibri
bronsstjärtskolibri
blåstrupig bergsjuvel
ametiststrupig bergsjuvel
grönstrupig bergsjuvel
grönbröstad bergsjuvel
vitbukig bergsjuvel
purpurstrupig bergsjuvel
vitstrupig bergsjuvel
gråstjärtad bergsjuvel
xantuskolibri
vitörad kolibri
granatstrupekolibri
fläckkolibri
ecuadorbrokstjärt
perubrokstjärt
rubinstrupe
tepuíbriljant
napobriljant
yungasbriljant
svartstrupig briljant
kanelbröstad briljant
rosastrupig briljant
grönkronad briljant
chocóbriljant
violettpannad briljant
rivolikolibri
paradiskolibri
saxstjärtskolibri
violbröstad kolibri
vitstjärtad kolibri
Bouguers kolibri
ockrastjärtad kolibri
kastanjebröstad kolibri
hyacintkolibri
regnbågsglansrygg
purpurglansrygg
magentaglansrygg
malakitglansrygg
ecuadorbergstjärna
punabergstjärna
grönhuvad bergstjärna
blåstrupig bergstjärna
blåbukig bergstjärna
svartbröstad bergstjärna
kastanjebröstad bergstjärna
sammetsbröstad kolibri
bronsinka
brun inka
svart inka
vitkragad inka
vitstjärtad inka
gyllenbukig inka
mörk inka
blåstrupig inka
opalvingad inka
violettstrupig inka
regnbågsinka
svärdnäbb
safirvinge
jättekolibri
eldkronekolibri
juanfernándezkolibri
gyllensolängel
ametiststrupig solängel
longuemaresolängel
méridasolängel
kragsolängel
turmalinsolängel
eldstrupig solängel
purpurstrupig solängel
kungssolängel
svartbröstad dunbena
kragdunbena
glitterdunbena
svartdunbena
turkosstrupig dunbena
kopparbukig dunbena
safirgumpad dunbena
gyllenbröstad dunbena
blåpannad dunbena
praktdunbena
smaragddunbena
bronsdunbena
quechuadunbena
sorgdunbena
purpurbröstad kolibri
rostgumpskolibri
vittofsad flaggkolibri
peruflaggkolibri
boliviaflaggkolibri
svartstjärtad släpkolibri
grönstjärtad släpkolibri
sapfokomet
bronsstjärtskomet
svartryggig nålnäbb
purpurryggig nålnäbb
bergkolibri
grönskäggig hjälmkolibri
blåskäggig hjälmkolibri
vitskäggig hjälmkolibri
purpurskäggig hjälmkolibri
smaragdstrupig glansstjärt
perijáglansstjärt
grön glansstjärt
violettstrupig glansstjärt
neblinaglansstjärt
kopparglansstjärt
eldstrupig glansstjärt
fjällig glansstjärt
svart glansstjärt
rostkronad nålnäbb
olivnålnäbb
blåryggig nålnäbb
bronsstjärtad nålnäbb
regnbågsnålnäbb
skärfläckekolibri
gråbukig komet
grönstjärtad sylf
venezuelasylf
violettstjärtad sylf
hyacintvisirbärare
hättvisirbärare
östlig kilnäbbskolibri
västlig kilnäbbskolibri
purpurkronad blomnymf
amazonblomnymf
hornkolibri
spatelstjärt
brunhättad stjärnkolibri
långnäbbad stjärnkolibri
grön stjärnkolibri
blå stjärnkolibri
oasskogsjuvel
långstjärtad skogsjuvel
glitterstjärtad skogsjuvel
guatemalasaxstjärt
yucatánsaxstjärt
ametistskogsjuvel
bahamakolibri
inaguakolibri
magentaskogsjuvel
purpurstrupig skogsjuvel
smalstjärtad skogsjuvel
luciferkolibri
praktkolibri
fekolibri
bikolibri
rubinkolibri
svarthakad kolibri
Annas kolibri
Costas kolibri
humlekolibri
vinstrupekolibri
blåstrupig skogsjuvel
chileskogsjuvel
kortstjärtad skogsjuvel
vitbukig skogsjuvel
brunbröstad skogsjuvel
kragskogsjuvel
santamartaskogsjuvel
esmeraldasskogsjuvel
jourdanskogsjuvel
bredstjärtad kolibri
rostkolibri
Allens kolibri
vulkankolibri
glödhakekolibri
glitterkolibri
kalliopekolibri
australisk buskgök
bandad buskgök
sorgbuskgök
indisk buskgök
vanlig buskgök
indonesisk buskgök
moluckbuskgök
mörk långstjärtsgök
olivgrå långstjärtsgök
bandad långstjärtsgök
filippindrongogök
tvärstjärtad drongogök
klyvstjärtad drongogök
moluckdrongogök
mustaschhökgök
större hökgök
mindre hökgök
indisk hökgök
nordlig hökgök
filippinhökgök
malajhökgök
hodgsonhökgök
svartgök
rödbröstad gök
smågök
sulawesigök
kortvingegök
madagaskargök
afrikansk gök
himalayagök
tajgagök
sundagök
gök
sankthelenagökklippduva
stenduva
snöduva
guineaduva
abessinsk duva
skogsduva
turkestanduva
somaliaduva
ringduva
madeiraduva
kanarieduva
lagerduva
afrikansk ringduva
olivduva
sjöstedtduva
sãotoméduva
komorskogsduva
bergskogsduva
vitnackad duva
sjalduva
nilgiriduva
ceylonduva
purpurduva
silverduva
andamanduva
svartduva
boninduva †
ryukyuduva †
vitstrupig duva
vithuvad duva
gulfotad duva
östlig bronsduva
västlig bronsduva
malherbeduva
citronduva
vitkronad duva
rödnackad duva
fjällig duva
picazuroduva
nakenögd duva
fläckvingad duva
bandstjärtsduva
chileduva
jamaicaduva
rostduva
rödnäbbad duva
marañónduva
karibduva
blyduva
kopparduva
kortnäbbad duva
goodsonduva
madagaskarduva
rodriguesduva †
rosenduva
turturduva
mörk turturduva
adamawaduva
större turturduva
öturkduva
turkduva
skrattduva
vitvingad turkduva
sorgduva
rödögd duva
kapturkduva
vinduva
röd turkduva
pärlhalsduva (9)
palmduva (9)
bandstjärtad gökduva
smalnäbbad gökduva
sultangökduva
rostgökduva
engganogökduva
barusangökduva
större gökduva
tanimbargökduva
selayargökduva
filippingökduva
röd gökduva
andamangökduva
svartnäbbad gökduva
mackinlaygökduva
mindre gökduva
långstjärtad gökduva
bismarckgökduva
salomongökduva
vitmaskad gökduva
sulagökduva
timorgökduva
smaragdfläckduva
svartnäbbad fläckduva
blåfläcksduva
tambourinfläckduva
blåhuvad fläckduva
långstjärtsduva
asiatisk smaragdduva
australisk smaragdduva
brunryggig smaragdduva
svart bronsvingeduva
bismarckbronsvingeduva
vanlig spegelduva
grönvingad spegelduva
flockspegelduva
tofsduva
spinifexduva
eukalyptusduva
rapphöneduva
gladiatorduva
wongaduva
arnhemduva
kimberleyduva
diamantduva
zebraduva
billabongduva
timorzebraduva
blåbröstad zebraduva
inkaduva
fjällig sparvduva
nordlig sparvduva
dvärgsparvduva
buckleysparvduva
rostsparvduva
picuisparvduva
guldnäbbad sparvduva
blåögd sparvduva
blå sparvduva
lilabandad sparvduva
purpurbröstad sparvduva
glasögonsparvduva
morenosparvduva
svartvingad sparvduva
bronsvingad sparvduva
långstjärtad sparvduva
blåhuvad vaktelduva
indigokronad vaktelduva
safirvaktelduva
tofsvaktelduva
röd vaktelduva
violett vaktelduva
kubavaktelduva
hispaniolavaktelduva
karibvaktelduva
tygelvaktelduva
veraguasvaktelduva
ljuspannad duva
yungasduva
gråpannad duva
gråhuvad duva
chocóduva
panamaduva
grenadaduva
yucatánduva
cassinduva
ockrabukig duva
tolimaduva
tuxtlavaktelduva
costaricavaktelduva
purpurryggig vaktelduva
vitkindad vaktelduva
vitstrupig vaktelduva
streckkindad vaktelduva
chiriquívaktelduva
rostkronad vaktelduva
vandringsduva †
spetsstjärtad duva
socorroduva
öronduva
zenaidaduva
galápagosduva
vitvingad duva
peruduva
nikobarduva
liverpoolduva †
sulawesimarkduva
gulbröstad markduva
luzonmarkduva
mindanaomarkduva
mindoromarkduva
negrosmarkduva
sulumarkduva
wetarmarkduva
vitbröstad markduva
karolinermarkduva
tuamotumarkduva
marianermarkduva
norfolkmarkduva †
samoamarkduva
santacruzmarkduva
tannamarkduva †
salomonmarkduva †
marquesasmarkduva
gråbröstad markduva
palaumarkduva
choiseulduva †
fasanduva
blå kronduva
scheepmakerkronduva
sclaterkronduva
victoriakronduva
dront †
rodriguessolitär †
tandduva
mindre brunduva
större brunduva
tawitawibrunduva
mindanaobrunduva
vinröd grönduva
mindre grönduva
gråhättad grönduva
orangebröstad grönduva
ceylongrönduva
malabargrönduva
gråhuvad grönduva
andamangrönduva
filippingrönduva
burugrönduva
tjocknäbbad grönduva
gråkindad grönduva
sumbagrönduva
floresgrönduva
timorgrönduva
större grönduva
gulfotad grönduva
gulbukig grönduva
madagaskargrönduva
komorgrönduva
afrikansk grönduva
pembagrönduva
sãotomégrönduva
spetsstjärtad grönduva
sumatragrönduva
gulgumpad grönduva
kilstjärtad grönduva
vitbukig grönduva
taiwangrönduva
svartryggig fruktduva
svartbandad fruktduva
rödnackad fruktduva
sundafruktduva
luzonfruktduva
gräddbukig fruktduva
ockrabröstad fruktduva
fischerfruktduva
jambufruktduva
banggaifruktduva
kastanjestrupig fruktduva
sulafruktduva
svartstrupig fruktduva
rödbröstad fruktduva
wompoofruktduva
rosafläckig fruktduva
praktfruktduva
vanuatufruktduva
orangepannad fruktduva
wallacefruktduva
purpurkronad fruktduva
pastellfruktduva
tongafruktduva
pohnpeifruktduva
kosraefruktduva
palaufruktduva
rarotongafruktduva
marianerfruktduva
rosenkronad fruktduva
silverhättad fruktduva
tahitifruktduva
makateafruktduva
atollfruktduva
rödbukig fruktduva
rapafruktduva
vitkronad fruktduva
marquesasfruktduva †
hendersonfruktduva
diademfruktduva
karmosinkronad fruktduva
blåkronad fruktduva
vitbandad fruktduva
gulbandad fruktduva
rödstrupig fruktduva
vithuvad fruktduva
orangebukig fruktduva
knölnäbbad fruktduva
gråhuvad fruktduva
vårtfruktduva
svartnackad fruktduva
dvärgfruktduva
negrosfruktduva
orange fruktduva
gyllenfruktduva
kadavufruktduva
tofsbent fruktduva
mauritiusblåduva †
madagaskarblåduva
komorblåduva
seychellblåduva
filippinkejsarduva
vitbukig kejsarduva
mindorokejsarduva
gråhuvad kejsarduva
fläckvingad kejsarduva
grön kejsarduva
nikobarkejsarduva
glasögonkejsarduva
seramkejsarduva
blåstjärtad kejsarduva
stillahavskejsarduva
mikronesisk kejsarduva
polynesisk kejsarduva
marquesaskejsarduva
rödvårtig kejsarduva
svartvårtig kejsarduva
rostbröstad kejsarduva
moluckkejsarduva
finschkejsarduva
rödbröstad kejsarduva
ökejsarduva
rosahuvad kejsarduva
julökejsarduva
grå kejsarduva
fijikejsarduva
kastanjebukig kejsarduva
vanuatukejsarduva
jättekejsarduva
pinonkejsarduva
svart kejsarduva
halsbandskejsarduva
zoekejsarduva
bergkejsarduva
javakejsarduva
timorkejsarduva
svartvit kejsarduva
vit kejsarduva
australisk kejsarduva
gräddfärgad kejsarduva
perukduva
nyazeelandduva
chathamduva
sulawesiduva
papuabergduva
burubergduva
serambergduva
blek bergduva
svartvit skarv
långstjärtad skarv
kronskarv
småskarv
dvärgskarv
rödfotad skarv
galápagosskarv
vitgumpad skarv
fläckskarv
grönmaskad skarv
pallasskarv †
blåstrupig skarv
pelagskarv
beringskarv
amazonskarv
öronskarv
toppskarv
svartmaskad skarv
indisk skarv
sotskarv
australisk skarv
storskarv (26)
vitbröstad skarv (26)
japansk skarv
kapskarv
sokotraskarv
magellanskarv
guanoskarv
kejsarskarv
sydgeorgisk skarv
antarktisskarv
heardskarv
crozetskarv
macquarieskarv
kerguelenskarv
vårtskarv
otagoskarv
foveauxskarv
chathamskarv
campbellskarv
aucklandskarv
bountyskarv

