
Allens kolibri
Annas kolibri
Bartletts tinamo
Bouguers kolibri
Böhms taggstjärtseglare
Cassins taggstjärtseglare
Costas kolibri
Sabines taggstjärtseglare
abessinsk duva
adamawaduva
afrikansk grönduva
afrikansk gök
afrikansk palmseglare (5)
afrikansk ringduva
alpseglare (6)
amaziliasmaragd
amazonblomnymf
amazonseglare
amazonskarv
amazontinamo
ametistskogsjuvel
ametiststrupig bergsjuvel
ametiststrupig solängel
andamanduva
andamangrönduva
andamangökduva
andinsk seglare
andinsk smaragd
andinsk tinamo
antarktisskarv
antillerseglare
arnhemduva
asiatisk palmseglare
asiatisk smaragdduva
askgrå tinamo
atiusalangan
atollfruktduva
aucklandskarv
australisk buskgök
australisk kejsarduva
australisk salangan
australisk skarv
australisk smaragdduva
azurkronad smaragd
bahamakolibri
bandad buskgök
bandad långstjärtsgök
bandgumpseglare
bandstjärtad gökduva
bandstjärtsduva
banggaifruktduva
bantunattskärra
barbent salangan
barusangökduva
batesnattskärra
batesseglare
bergkejsarduva
bergkolibri
bergsalangan
bergskogsduva
bergsryggssalangan
beringskarv
beryllsmaragd
bikolibri
billabongduva
biokoseglare
bismarckbronsvingeduva
bismarckgökduva
blek bergduva
blek tornseglare
blekgumpseglare
blyduva
blå kronduva
blå sparvduva
blå stjärnkolibri
blåbröstad smaragd
blåbröstad zebraduva
blåbukig bergstjärna
blåfläcksduva
blåhuvad fläckduva
blåhuvad vaktelduva
blåkindad safir
blåkronad fruktduva
blåpannad dunbena
blåryggig nålnäbb
blåskäggig hjälmkolibri
blåstjärtad kejsarduva
blåstjärtad smaragd
blåstjärtssmaragd
blåstrupig bergsjuvel
blåstrupig bergstjärna
blåstrupig inka
blåstrupig skarv
blåstrupig skogsjuvel
blåögd sparvduva
boliviaflaggkolibri
bonapartenattskärra
boninduva †
borneosalangan
bountyskarv
brasiliansk tinamo
bredstjärtad kolibri
brokig smaragd
brokseglare
broktinamo
bronsdunbena
bronsinka
bronsstjärtad nålnäbb
bronsstjärtskolibri
bronsstjärtskomet
bronsvingad sparvduva
brun inka
brun tinamo
brunbröstad skogsjuvel
brunbröstad tinamo
brunhättad stjärnkolibri
brunkivi
brunryggig smaragdduva
brunryggig taggstjärtseglare
brunseglare
brunsidig smaragd
buckleysparvduva
burubergduva
burugrönduva
busktinamo
bågnäbbad tinamo
campbellskarv
cassinduva
ceylonduva
ceylongrönduva
chapmanseglare
chathamduva
chathamskarv
chileduva
chileskogsjuvel
chiletinamo
chiribiquetesmaragd
chiriquívaktelduva
chocóbriljant
chocóduva
chocótinamo
choiseulduva †
citronduva
cookseglare (7)
costaricaseglare
costaricasmaragd
costaricavaktelduva
cozumelsmaragd
crozetskarv
damaraseglare
darwintinamo
diademfruktduva
diamantduva
dront †
dvärgfruktduva
dvärgpalmseglare
dvärgsalangan
dvärgskarv
dvärgsparvduva
dvärgtinamo
ecuadorbergstjärna
ecuadorbrokstjärt
eldkronekolibri
eldstrupig glansstjärt
eldstrupig solängel
enfärgad salangan
enfärgad seglare
engganogökduva
esmeraldasskogsjuvel
eukalyptusduva
fasanduva
fekolibri
festkokett
fijikejsarduva
filippindrongogök
filippingrönduva
filippingökduva
filippinhökgök
filippinkejsarduva
filippinsalangan
filippintaggstjärtseglare
finschkejsarduva
fischerfruktduva
fjäderfotssalangan
fjällig duva
fjällig glansstjärt
fjällig sparvduva
flaggnattskärra
flockseglare
flockspegelduva
floresgrönduva
fläckig tinamo
fläckkolibri
fläckpannad seglare
fläckskarv
fläckvingad duva
fläckvingad kejsarduva
foveauxskarv
gaffelstjärtad palmseglare
galápagosduva
galápagosskarv
gladiatorduva
glanssalangan
glanssmaragd
glasögonkejsarduva
glasögonsparvduva
glitterdunbena
glitterkolibri
glitterstjärtad skogsjuvel
glitterstrupig smaragd
glödhakekolibri
goodsonduva
granatstrupekolibri
grenadaduva
gräddbukig fruktduva
gräddfärgad kejsarduva
grå kejsarduva
grå tinamo
gråbent tinamo
gråbröstad markduva
gråbukig komet
grågumpseglare
grågumpssalangan
gråhakad seglare
gråhuvad duva
gråhuvad fruktduva
gråhuvad grönduva
gråhuvad kejsarduva
gråhättad grönduva
gråkindad grönduva
gråpannad duva
gråsalangan
gråstjärtad bergsjuvel
grön glansstjärt
grön kejsarduva
grön nålstjärt
grön stjärnkolibri
grönbröstad bergsjuvel
grönbukig smaragd
grönhuvad bergstjärna
grönkronad briljant
grönmaskad skarv
grönpannad smaragd
grönskäggig hjälmkolibri
grönstjärtad släpkolibri
grönstjärtad sylf
grönstrupig bergsjuvel
grönvingad spegelduva
guamsalangan
guanoskarv
guatemalasaxstjärt
guineaduva
gulbandad fruktduva
gulbent tinamo
gulbröstad markduva
gulbukig grönduva
guldnäbbad sparvduva
gulfotad duva
gulfotad grönduva
gulgumpad grönduva
guyanakokett
gyllenbröstad dunbena
gyllenbukig inka
gyllenfruktduva
gyllensolängel
gök
halmaherasalangan
halsbandskejsarduva
halsbandsseglare
halvmåneseglare
heardskarv
hendersonfruktduva
himalayagök
himalayasalangan
himalayaseglare (7)
hispaniolavaktelduva
hodgsonhökgök
hoffmannsmaragd
hondurassmaragd
hornkolibri
horusseglare
huaycotinamo
humlekolibri
husseglare
hyacintkolibri
hyacintvisirbärare
hättvisirbärare
höglandstinamo
inaguakolibri
indigokronad smaragd
indigokronad vaktelduva
indisk buskgök
indisk hökgök
indisk skarv
indonesisk buskgök
inkaduva
itombwenattskärra
jamaicaduva
jambufruktduva
japansk skarv
javakejsarduva
javasalangan
jourdanskogsjuvel
juanfernándezkolibri
julökejsarduva
julösalangan
jättekejsarduva
jättekolibri
jättesalangan
kadavufruktduva
kalliopekolibri
kamtinamo
kanarieduva
kanelbröstad briljant
kanelsmaragd
kapseglare
kapskarv
kapturkduva
kapverdeseglare
karibduva
karibpalmseglare
karibvaktelduva
karmosinkronad fruktduva
karolinermarkduva
karolinersalangan
kastanjebröstad bergstjärna
kastanjebröstad kolibri
kastanjebukig kejsarduva
kastanjebukig smaragd
kastanjeseglare
kastanjestrupig fruktduva
kejsarskarv
kerguelenskarv
kilstjärtad grönduva
kilstjärtad nattskärra
kimberleyduva
klyvstjärtad drongogök
knölnäbbad fruktduva
komorblåduva
komorgrönduva
komorskogsduva
kopparbukig dunbena
kopparduva
kopparglansstjärt
koppargumpad smaragd
kopparnålstjärt
kortnäbbad duva
kortnäbbad smaragd
kortnäbbad tinamo
kortstjärtad seglare
kortstjärtad skogsjuvel
korttofskokett
kortvingegök
kosraefruktduva
kragdunbena
kragskogsjuvel
kragsolängel
kronskarv
kubavaktelduva
kungssolängel
kustsalangan
lagerduva
lilabandad sparvduva
liverpoolduva †
ljusbrynad tinamo
ljusbukig smaragd
ljuspannad duva
ljuspannad seglare
longuemaresolängel
luciferkolibri
luzonfruktduva
luzonmarkduva
långnäbbad stjärnkolibri
långstjärtad gökduva
långstjärtad nattskärra
långstjärtad skarv
långstjärtad skogsjuvel
långstjärtad smaragd
långstjärtad sparvduva
långstjärtsduva
långtofskokett
mackinlaygökduva
macquarieskarv
madagaskarblåduva
madagaskarduva
madagaskargrönduva
madagaskargök
madagaskarpalmseglare (5)
madagaskarseglare
madagaskartaggstjärtseglare
madeiraduva
magdalenablomhätta
magdalenasmaragd
magellanskarv
magentaglansrygg
magentaskogsjuvel
makateafruktduva
malabargrönduva
malabarsalangan
malajhökgök
malakitglansrygg
malherbeduva
mangrovesmaragd
marañónduva
marianerfruktduva
marianermarkduva
marquesasfruktduva †
marquesaskejsarduva
marquesasmarkduva
marquesassalangan
maskarensalangan
mauritiusblåduva †
mayrsalangan
mikronesisk kejsarduva
mindanaobrunduva
mindanaomarkduva
mindorokejsarduva
mindoromarkduva
mindre brunduva
mindre fläckkivi
mindre grönduva
mindre gökduva
mindre hökgök
mindre nandu
mindre svalstjärtsseglare
mindre tinamo
moluckbuskgök
moluckdrongogök
moluckkejsarduva
morenosparvduva
mossbosalangan
mustaschhökgök
méridasolängel
mörk inka
mörk långstjärtsgök
mörk turturduva
mörkryggig seglare
nakenögd duva
napobriljant
neblinaglansstjärt
nechisarnattskärra
negrosfruktduva
negrosmarkduva
nikobarduva
nikobarkejsarduva
nilgiriduva
nordlig hökgök
nordlig sparvduva
norfolkmarkduva †
nyanzaseglare
nyazeelandduva
oasskogsjuvel
ockrabröstad fruktduva
ockrabukig duva
ockrastjärtad kolibri
okaritokivi
olivduva
olivgrå långstjärtsgök
olivnålnäbb
opalvingad inka
orange fruktduva
orangebröstad grönduva
orangebukig fruktduva
orangepannad fruktduva
orientseglare (7)
otagoskarv
palaufruktduva
palaumarkduva
palausalangan
paljettkokett
pallasskarv †
palmduva (9)
panamaduva
panamasmaragd
papuabergduva
papuasalangan
papuataggstjärtseglare
paradiskolibri
pastellfruktduva
patagonientinamo
pelagskarv
pembagrönduva
perijáglansstjärt
perubrokstjärt
peruduva
peruflaggkolibri
perukduva
picazuroduva
picuisparvduva
pinonkejsarduva
pohnpeifruktduva
polynesisk kejsarduva
praktdunbena
praktfruktduva
praktkokett
praktkolibri
prakttinamo
pricknattskärra
punabergstjärna
punatinamo
purpurbröstad kolibri
purpurbröstad smaragd
purpurbröstad sparvduva
purpurduva
purpurglansrygg
purpurkronad blomnymf
purpurkronad fruktduva
purpurryggig nålnäbb
purpurryggig vaktelduva
purpurskäggig hjälmkolibri
purpurstrupig bergsjuvel
purpurstrupig skogsjuvel
purpurstrupig solängel
purpurtaggstjärtseglare
purpurtofsad vipkolibri
pärlhalsduva (9)
påfågelkokett
quebrachotinamo
quechuadunbena
rapafruktduva
rapphöneduva
rarotongafruktduva
regnbågsglansrygg
regnbågsinka
regnbågsnålnäbb
ringduva
rivolikolibri
rodriguesduva †
rodriguessolitär †
rosafläckig fruktduva
rosahuvad kejsarduva
rosastrupig briljant
rosenduva
rosenkronad fruktduva
rostbröstad kejsarduva
rostduva
rostgumpskolibri
rostgökduva
rostkolibri
rostkronad nålnäbb
rostkronad vaktelduva
rostsparvduva
roststjärtad smaragd
rosttinamo
rostvingad tinamo
rubinkolibri
rubinstrupe
ryukyuduva †
röd gökduva
röd turkduva
röd vaktelduva
rödbent tinamo
rödbröstad fruktduva
rödbröstad gök
rödbröstad kejsarduva
rödbukig fruktduva
rödfotad skarv
rödnackad duva
rödnackad fruktduva
rödnäbbad duva
rödnäbbad vimpelkolibri
rödstrupig fruktduva
rödvårtig kejsarduva
rödögd duva
safirgumpad dunbena
safirvaktelduva
safirvinge
sahelnattskärra
salomongökduva
salomonmarkduva †
salvadorinattskärra
sammetsbröstad kolibri
samoamarkduva
sankthelenagökklippduva
santacruzmarkduva
santamartablomhätta
santamartaskogsjuvel
sapfokomet
satängsalangan
savannattskärra
savannkokett
saxstjärtskolibri
scheepmakerkronduva
sclaterkronduva
selayargökduva
serambergduva
seramkejsarduva
seramsalangan
seychellblåduva
seychellsalangan
sickseglare
silkeskolibri
silverduva
silvergumpad taggstjärtseglare
silverhättad fruktduva
silverryggig taggstjärtseglare
sjalduva
sjöstedtduva
skiffertinamo
skogsduva
skorstensseglare
skrattduva
skärfläckekolibri
smalnäbbad gökduva
smalstjärtad skogsjuvel
smaragddunbena
smaragdfläckduva
smaragdstrupe
smaragdstrupig glansstjärt
smågök
småskarv
småtinamo
snårtinamo
snöbukig smaragd
snöduva
snöhätta
socorroduva
sokotraskarv
solitärtinamo
somaliaduva
somaliaseglare
somaliastruts
sorgbuskgök
sorgdunbena
sorgduva
sotseglare
sotskarv
sottinamo
spatelnålstjärt
spatelstjärt
spetsstjärtad duva
spetsstjärtad grönduva
spinifexduva
stenduva
stillahavskejsarduva
stjärnfläckig nattskärra
storhuvad salangan
storskarv (26)
streckkindad vaktelduva
strimmig tinamo
stubbstjärtseglare
stålblåbukig smaragd
större brunduva
större fläckkivi
större grönduva
större gökduva
större hökgök
större nandu
större svalstjärtsseglare
större tinamo
större turturduva
sulafruktduva
sulagökduva
sulawesiduva
sulawesigök
sulawesimarkduva
sulawesisalangan
sultangökduva
sulumarkduva
sumatragrönduva
sumbagrönduva
sumpnattskärra
sundafruktduva
sundagök
svalbosalangan
svalstjärtad smaragd
svart bronsvingeduva
svart glansstjärt
svart inka
svart kejsarduva
svart taggstjärtseglare
svart tinamo
svartbandad fruktduva
svartbosalangan
svartbröstad bergstjärna
svartbröstad dunbena
svartbukig nålstjärt
svartdunbena
svartduva
svartgök
svarthakad kolibri
svarthättad tinamo
svartmaskad skarv
svartnackad fruktduva
svartnäbbad fläckduva
svartnäbbad gökduva
svartnäbbad vimpelkolibri
svartryggig fruktduva
svartryggig nålnäbb
svartseglare
svartstjärtad släpkolibri
svartstrupig briljant
svartstrupig fruktduva
svarttofskokett
svartvingad sparvduva
svartvit kejsarduva
svartvit skarv
svartvårtig kejsarduva
svärdnäbb
sydgeorgisk skarv
sydkivi
sãotoméduva
sãotomégrönduva
sãotométaggstjärtseglare
taczanowskitinamo
taggstjärtseglare
tahitifruktduva
tahitisalangan
taiwangrönduva
tajgagök
tambourinfläckduva
tandduva
tanimbargökduva
tannamarkduva †
tataupatinamo
tawitawibrunduva
tenggarasalangan
tepuíbriljant
tepuíseglare
tepuítinamo
tibetseglare (7)
timorgrönduva
timorgökduva
timorkejsarduva
timorsalangan
timorzebraduva
tjocknäbbad grönduva
tofsbent fruktduva
tofsduva
tofsnålstjärt
tofstinamo
tofsvaktelduva
tolimaduva
tongafruktduva
toppskarv
tornseglare
tuamotumarkduva
turkduva
turkestanduva
turkosstrupig dunbena
turmalinsolängel
turturduva
tuxtlavaktelduva
tvärstjärtad drongogök
tygelvaktelduva
vandringsduva †
vanlig buskgök
vanlig spegelduva
vanuatufruktduva
vanuatukejsarduva
vattenfallsseglare
vattrad seglare
vattrad taggstjärtseglare
vauxseglare
venezuelasylf
veraguasvaktelduva
victoriakronduva
vimpelnattskärra
vinduva
vinröd grönduva
vinstrupekolibri
violbröstad kolibri
violett vaktelduva
violettkronad smaragd
violettpannad briljant
violettstjärtad sylf
violettstrupig glansstjärt
violettstrupig inka
violettstrupig smaragd
vit kejsarduva
vitbandad fruktduva
vitbröstad markduva
vitbröstad safir
vitbröstad seglare
vitbröstad skarv (26)
vitbukig bergsjuvel
vitbukig grönduva
vitbukig kejsarduva
vitbukig skogsjuvel
vitbukig tinamo
vitgumpad salangan
vitgumpad skarv
vitgumpad taggstjärtseglare
vitgumpseglare
vithuvad duva
vithuvad fruktduva
vitkindad vaktelduva
vitkragad inka
vitkronad duva
vitkronad fruktduva
vitmaskad gökduva
vitmönstrad seglare
vitnackad duva
vitnackad seglare
vitskäggig hjälmkolibri
vitstjärtad inka
vitstjärtad kolibri
vitstrupig bergsjuvel
vitstrupig duva
vitstrupig tinamo
vitstrupig vaktelduva
vittofsad flaggkolibri
vittofskokett
vitvingad duva
vitvingad turkduva
vitörad kolibri
vulkankolibri
vulkansalangan
västandinsk smaragd
västlig bronsduva
västlig kilnäbbskolibri
vårtfruktduva
vårtskarv
wallacefruktduva
wetarmarkduva
wompoofruktduva
wongaduva
xantuskolibri
yucatánduva
yucatánsaxstjärt
yucatánsmaragd
yungasbriljant
yungasduva
zebraduva
zenaidaduva
zoekejsarduva
ökejsarduva
öronduva
öronskarv
östlig bronsduva
östlig kilnäbbskolibri
öturkduva
﻿struts
